# Hey There! 👋

Welcome to `whywasmyapprejected.com` 😄. Glad you made it here! We're
developers, just like you, who decided we'd had enough of the confusing
explanations or lack of any at all when our apps got rejected from various app
stores. 📱🚫

## So, What's Happening Here? 🤔

We're building a platform to help ourselves and each other navigate this app
submission process, and figure out why those darn apps get rejected. And let's
be real—we've all been there, shaking our heads, asking "Why was my app
rejected?" 🤷‍♀️📝

## We're Just Like You 😊

Trust us, we've been down the road of app rejections more times than we'd like
to admit. It's confusing, it's frustrating, and quite frankly, it can be a major
buzzkill. This shared struggle inspired us to create `whywasmyapprejected.com`.
💪💔

## Here's What We're Up To 🚀

We provide real-case scenarios, guides to sail through common issues, and all
the latest updates you need to know about submission guidelines across different
app stores. 📚💡

## Collaboration Is Our Middle Name 🤝

This isn't a one-man show. `whywasmyapprejected.com` thrives on input and
collaboration! The site is open source and available on GitHub. If you want to
pitch in with some sweet dev skills or some awesome content - we're totally up
for it. Fork the project, make your changes and hit us with a pull request.
🖥️🤩

We also have a discussion forum for all you tech talk fans out there. Go ahead,
ask a question, drop some knowledge, or just share your experience of that last
frustrating app rejection. Every voice counts! 💬🗣️

### Want to Contribute? ✨

Head over to our [GitHub
repository](https://github.com/whywasmyapprejected/whywasmyapprejected-com) and
fork away! 🚀🔧

Got something to say? Let’s hear it at our [Discussion
Forum](https://github.com/whywasmyapprejected/whywasmyapprejected-com/discussions).
Just register and fire away! 💭📢